docs: update iotdb docs (#2319)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/data-integration/data-bridge-iotdb.md

You can find more information about running [IoTDB in Docker on Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/apache/iotdb).

## Create a Connector

This section demonstrates how to configure an Apache IoTDB Connector that is used to connect the Sink to the Apache IoTDB.

1. Go to EMQX Dashboard, and click **Integration** -> **Connector**.

2. Click **Create** on the top right corner of the page. Click to select the **Apache IoTDB** and click **Next**:

3. Enter a name for the Connector. The name should be a combination of upper/lower case letters or numbers, for example, `my_iotdb`.

4. Set **URL** to `http://localhost:18080`.

5. Fill in the `Username` and `Password` for this connector. For the rest, you can keep the default value.

6. Advanced settings (optional):  See [Advanced Configurations](#advanced-configurations).

7. Before clicking **Create**, you can click **Test Connectivity** to test that the Connector can connect to the Apache IoTDB.

8. Click **Create** to complete the creation of the Connector.

Now you have created an Apache Iotdb Connector. Next, you need to create a rule and Sink to specify the data to be written into the Apache IoTDB.

> ## Create Rule and Apache IoTDB Data Bridge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create Rule and Apache IoTDB Sink
```

     *
   FROM
     "root/#"

   ```

> 5. Click the **Add Action** button, and select **Forwarding with Data Bridge** from the dropdown list. With this action, EMQX sends the data processed by the rule to the data bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click the **+ Add Action** button to define an action that will be triggered by the rule. Select `Apache IoTDB` from the **Type of Action** dropdown list so that EMQX will send the data processed by the rule to Apache IoTDB. 
  Keep the **Action** dropdown box with the value `Create Action`. Or, you also can select a Apache IoTDB Sink previously created. In this demonstration, you create a new Sink and add it to the rule.
```
